content/about.md, before:

+++
title = "About DataFest"
+++


<style>
.button {
  background-color: #9D2235; 
  border: none;
  color: white;
  padding: 15px 32px;
  text-align: center;
  text-decoration: none;
  display: inline-block;
  font-size: 16px;
  border-radius: 12px;
}
</style>



The [American Statistical Association’s](https://ww2.amstat.org/education/datafest/) DataFest, founded at UCLA in 2011, is a 48-hour data analysis competition in which undergraduate students from various majors get to work in teams on large, complex, and real-world data. The data is kept secret until opening of the event on Friday evening and teams present their findings to a panel of judges on Sunday afternoon. Students explore, analyze, and visualize the data to discover insights. No prior knowledge of programming or data visualization is necessary! 

Previous years’ data sets have included crime data from the LAPD, dating data from eHarmony, and even data from the Canadian Olympic Women's rugby team. This year’s data set will be revealed at the opening of the event on Friday evening. 

At the conclusion of the competition, each team will have 5 minutes and 2 slides to make a presentation to a panel of judges. Judges will select teams to win prizes for areas such as “Best Insight”, "Best Visualization", and "Best use of External Data". 

The mission of DataFest is to expose undergraduate students to challenging questions with immediate real-world significance that can be addressed through data analysis. By working in teams, students with varying skill sets will combine their efforts and expand their collective data analysis horizons. Interaction among students, as well as with outside coaches will promote the sense that data analysis is a dynamic, engaging, and vibrant part of our society, as well as a realistic, practical, and fun career path.

----

<!----
# Who is at ASA DataFest @ Sacramento State 2024? 

- 30 participants
- 8 consultants
- 4 organizers
- 3 judges
---->


# Helpful Guides
_Updated for 2024._

<a href="/info_guide_chico"><button class="button">For Participants</button></a>
<a href="/coach_judge_info"><button class="button">For Coaches & Judges</button></a>

---

# DataFest in the news: 

If you would like to write about or cover DataFest at Chico State in any way, please don't hesitate to contact us.

* [DataFest Competition Engages Students Across Disciplines](https://www.csuchico.edu/cob/news/datafest.shtml) - Chico State News, June 6, 2019
* [DataFest Shows Spike in Growth, Provides Immersive Experience](http://magazine.amstat.org/blog/2017/09/01/datafest-2/) - AMSTAT News, September 1, 2017
* [DataFest draws hundreds to solve stats challenges](http://www.dukechronicle.com/article/2015/03/datafest-draws-hundreds-solve-stats-challenges) - The Chronicle - March 23, 2015
* [Big Data Goes to College](http://magazine.amstat.org/blog/2014/06/01/datafest/) - AMSTAT News - June 1, 2014
* [The Students Most Likely to Take Our Jobs](http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/the-students-most-likely-to-take-our-jobs/) - FiveThirtyEight.com - May 2, 2014

Commit message:

All: Updated dates, consultants to coaches, guides now link to info_guide_sac.Rmd. about.md: New statement on updatingfor 2025, Removed broken link from news section. faq.md: register link now points at register.md. info_guide_sac.Rmd: fixed list formatting on recommended hotel links. register.md: Added informational paragraph for participants, code of conduct now host agnostic. schedule.md: Replaced per day times with basic begins/ends times.

content/about.md, after:

+++ title = "About DataFest" +++

<style>
.button {
  background-color: #9D2235; 
  border: none;
  color: white;
  padding: 15px 32px;
  text-align: center;
  text-decoration: none;
  display: inline-block;
  font-size: 16px;
  border-radius: 12px;
}
</style>

The [American Statistical Association's](https://ww2.amstat.org/education/datafest/) DataFest, founded at UCLA in 2011, is a 48-hour data analysis competition in which undergraduate students from various majors get to work in teams on large, complex, and real-world data. The data is kept secret until opening of the event on Friday evening and teams present their findings to a panel of judges on Sunday afternoon. Students explore, analyze, and visualize the data to discover insights. No prior knowledge of programming or data visualization is necessary!

Previous years' data sets have included crime data from the LAPD, dating data from eHarmony, and even data from the Canadian Olympic Women's rugby team. This year's data set will be revealed at the opening of the event on Friday evening.

At the conclusion of the competition, each team will have 5 minutes and 2 slides to make a presentation to a panel of judges. Judges will select teams to win prizes for areas such as "Best Insight", "Best Visualization", and "Best use of External Data".

The mission of DataFest is to expose undergraduate students to challenging questions with immediate real-world significance that can be addressed through data analysis. By working in teams, students with varying skill sets will combine their efforts and expand their collective data analysis horizons. Interaction among students, as well as with outside coaches will promote the sense that data analysis is a dynamic, engaging, and vibrant part of our society, as well as a realistic, practical, and fun career path.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<!----
# Who is at ASA DataFest @ Sacramento State 2024? 

- 30 participants
- 8 coaches
- 4 organizers
- 3 judges
---->

# Helpful Guides

*Updating for 2025 in progress\...*

<a href="/info_guide_sac"><button class="button">For Participants</button></a> <a href="/coach_judge_info"><button class="button">For Coaches & Judges</button></a>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

# DataFest in the news:

If you would like to write about or cover NorCal ASA DataFest in any way, please don't hesitate to contact us.

<!-- Broken Link
-   [DataFest Competition Engages Students Across Disciplines](https://www.csuchico.edu/cob/news/datafest.shtml) - Chico State News, June 6, 2019
-->
-   [DataFest Shows Spike in Growth, Provides Immersive Experience](http://magazine.amstat.org/blog/2017/09/01/datafest-2/) - AMSTAT News, September 1, 2017
-   [DataFest draws hundreds to solve stats challenges](http://www.dukechronicle.com/article/2015/03/datafest-draws-hundreds-solve-stats-challenges) - The Chronicle - March 23, 2015
-   [Big Data Goes to College](http://magazine.amstat.org/blog/2014/06/01/datafest/) - AMSTAT News - June 1, 2014
-   [The Students Most Likely to Take Our Jobs](http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/the-students-most-likely-to-take-our-jobs/) - FiveThirtyEight.com - May 2, 2014
