content/register.md, before:

+++
title= "Registration open until March 29, 2024"
+++


## <img src="../img/team.png"> [Participate as an Undergraduate Student Participant](https://forms.gle/NhJSSe6GNVooocucA)

<br>


## <img src="../img/consultation.png"> [Participate as a Coach](https://forms.gle/tmXJdqTNNLJSunbw7) 

Coaches walk around and talk with teams to see how they're doing. Help  them brainstorm ideas, refine ideas and most importantly help them come  back to reality in what is feasible in the 2 day period. Sometimes teams  have amazing ideas but either the data they need to answer their  question isn't collected/available, or the effort to complete the idea  is much larger than they realize. So trimming down ideas.

Experience  with coding languages can be helpful, but not necessary. A general  ability to help them google the information is enough. For example, one  year the competition data involved certain substance use rates across a  geographic area. Some teams wanted to pull in census data to correlate  population demographic with substance use at the county level. That team  needed help figuring out where to get county level census information,  identifying what keys to join on and thinking about what level of  aggregation was reasonable to match on or display.


## [Participate as a Judge](https://forms.gle/tmXJdqTNNLJSunbw7)


## [Help with event planning and setup](https://forms.gle/tmXJdqTNNLJSunbw7)
 

---

# Code of Conduct

ASA DataFest<small><sup>TM</sup></small> at Chico State is committed to providing a welcoming and harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion (or lack thereof), or technology choices. We do not tolerate harassment of event participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any event venue, including talks, workshops, social activities, social media, and other online media. ASA DataFest<small><sup>TM</sup></small> participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the event at the discretion of the conference organizers.

This code of conduct applies to all participants, including organizers, mentors / VIP consultants, judges, and helpers and applies to all modes of interaction, both in-person and online, on ASA DataFest<small><sup>TM</sup></small> Community, and event specific Slack channels, and social media.

ASA participants agree to:

- Be considerate in speech and actions, and actively seek to acknowledge and respect the boundaries of fellow attendees.
- Refrain from demeaning, discriminatory, or harassing behavior and speech. Harassment includes, but is not limited to: deliberate intimidation; stalking; unwanted photography or recording; sustained or willful disruption of talks or other events; inappropriate physical contact; use of sexual or discriminatory imagery, comments, or jokes; and unwelcome sexual attention. If you feel that someone has harassed you or otherwise treated you inappropriately, please alert any organizers in person.
- Take care of each other. Alert a member of the organizers if you notice a dangerous situation, someone in distress, or violations of this code of conduct, even if they seem inconsequential.

For more on the code of conduct, please see the [ASA Meeting Code of Conduct](https://www.amstat.org/ASA/Meetings/Meeting-Conduct-Policy.aspx).

---

<div>Icons made by <a href="https://www.freepik.com/" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" 			    title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" 			    title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="_blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Commit message:

convert most rmd to md and update registration page

content/register.md, after:

+++
title= "Registration open until March 29, 2024"
+++


## <img src="../img/team.png"> [Participate as an Undergraduate Student Participant](https://forms.gle/NhJSSe6GNVooocucA)

<br>


## <img src="../img/consultation.png"> [Participate as an Event Helper](https://forms.gle/tmXJdqTNNLJSunbw7) 

This could be as a **Coach**, a **Judge** or a general **event volunteer**. 

#### Coach
**Coaches** walk around and talk with teams to see how they're doing. Help  them brainstorm ideas, refine ideas and most importantly help them come  back to reality in what is feasible in the 2 day period. Sometimes teams  have amazing ideas but either the data they need to answer their  question isn't collected/available, or the effort to complete the idea  is much larger than they realize. So trimming down ideas.

Experience  with coding languages can be helpful, but not necessary. A general  ability to help them google the information is enough. For example, one  year the competition data involved certain substance use rates across a  geographic area. Some teams wanted to pull in census data to correlate  population demographic with substance use at the county level. That team  needed help figuring out where to get county level census information,  identifying what keys to join on and thinking about what level of  aggregation was reasonable to match on or display.

#### Judge

Judges spend a few hours on Sunday listening to presentations, deliberating and awarding prizes. We strive to have a diverse panel of judges with at least one subject matter expert. 

#### Event Volunteer

This is a fully volunteer run event! We need people to do food pickups and meal setup, setup and breakdown, staff the registration desk to check students in, keep the snack table stocked, put up signage and answer questions as needed. 


---

# Code of Conduct

ASA DataFest<small><sup>TM</sup></small> at Chico State is committed to providing a welcoming and harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion (or lack thereof), or technology choices. We do not tolerate harassment of event participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any event venue, including talks, workshops, social activities, social media, and other online media. ASA DataFest<small><sup>TM</sup></small> participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the event at the discretion of the conference organizers.

This code of conduct applies to all participants, including organizers, mentors / VIP consultants, judges, and helpers and applies to all modes of interaction, both in-person and online, on ASA DataFest<small><sup>TM</sup></small> Community, and event specific Slack channels, and social media.

ASA participants agree to:

- Be considerate in speech and actions, and actively seek to acknowledge and respect the boundaries of fellow attendees.
- Refrain from demeaning, discriminatory, or harassing behavior and speech. Harassment includes, but is not limited to: deliberate intimidation; stalking; unwanted photography or recording; sustained or willful disruption of talks or other events; inappropriate physical contact; use of sexual or discriminatory imagery, comments, or jokes; and unwelcome sexual attention. If you feel that someone has harassed you or otherwise treated you inappropriately, please alert any organizers in person.
- Take care of each other. Alert a member of the organizers if you notice a dangerous situation, someone in distress, or violations of this code of conduct, even if they seem inconsequential.

For more on the code of conduct, please see the [ASA Meeting Code of Conduct](https://www.amstat.org/ASA/Meetings/Meeting-Conduct-Policy.aspx).

---

<div>Icons made by <a href="https://www.freepik.com/" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" 			    title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" 			    title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="_blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>
